Jemison hey back projection cue music an
accident Hollywood legends mr. Stan
Laurel up Oliver Hardy arrived in
Britain today as they embarked on a
national tour we're doing this while
waiting for this new picture to come
together I'm gonna make sure that this
tour gets off on the right foot this
time it's amazing that you two are still
going strong still using the same old
material yeah such a wonderful reception
isn't it either it's okay to double X
for the price of one for the everything
last night I guess people just don't
want to see long hardly anymore he's
even pushing you a little too are they
you know Stan you could have said
goodbye Oliver a long time ago we had a
good thing going but you had this big
chip on your shoulder cuz I did a
picture with someone else
I couldn't sleep the days when they told
me what you did you're just a lazy ass
got lucky because you met me lucky to
spend my life of the man who hides
behind his typewriter
you betrayed me betrayed our friendship
you're Hollow you cannot go on stage
again in your condition
I love you but I won't stand by and
watch this nutty tour put you in a
wooden love I should never let us take
this tour
I love it meda you're not leaving on
your stand the show must go on it takes
when you watch our movies if it's just
the two of us each other then there
regrette rien
you shouldn't regret Lee and Eve
ladies and gentlemen Stan Laurel and mr.
Oliver hot
I'll miss us when we're going show with
you
[Music]